story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2009 american science fiction
psychological thriller film called the
fourth kind
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in late 2000 psychologist dr abigail
tyler visits her friend dr
abel campos after the death of her
husband will
she tells dr campos that she's been
having a hard time since will died and
her children
ronnie and ashley are having a hard time
coping
her daughter ashley has lost her sight
due to the extreme trauma from her
father's death
abby lets dr campos placed her under
hypnosis to help her remember the face
of the man who killed her husband
in a matter of minutes abby falls into a
form of trance and dr campos helps her
retrace back to the night of august 2nd
while in trance abby recalls making love
with her husband
they fall asleep and then abby is woken
up by the sound of a knife digging its
way to her husband's chest
the faceless intruder stabs will several
more times spilling the blood all over
their sheets
meanwhile in dr campos's office abby is
screaming and crying as she recalls the
event in her mind
he quickly pulls her back to reality and
she composes herself
dr campos advises her to take some rest
but abby refuses and tells him that
she's going to finish will's research no
matter what
abby makes her way back to her hometown
in nome alaska
she goes straight to work with her first
patient scott she soon learns that scott
along with another patient
tommy as well as a third patient are all
experiencing the same phenomenon
they wake up in the middle of the night
and see a white owl looking at them
at home abby listens to will's previous
recordings of the same phenomenon
the next day abby records a hypnotherapy
session with one of her patients
tommy she helps tommy recall the events
from last night when he saw the owl
again
tommy says that the al disappeared and
it's been replaced by something sinister
he tries to name the events taking place
in his mind but fear overtakes his heart
while in trance tommy screams and panics
toppling over a lamp beside the couch
abby immediately stops the session
reminding him that it's only a memory
but he insists that it's real and
immediately leaves
later that night the police receive a
call from tommy's wife in distress and
two gunshots are hurt in the background
the police arrive and find tommy in
hysterics holding a gun in his own
family hostage
he calls the sheriff and demands to talk
to abby firing two more shots at the
window
the sheriff calls abby who then quickly
drives to her patient's house
abby takes the phone and talks to tommy
tommy apologizes but tells her that he
has no choice
she tells him that he has a choice and
put down the gun tommy is now crying
telling him that if she saw what he did
she would understand
abby begs him to stop but he wouldn't
listen she promises him that they would
try to work it out
but he finally loses his grip tommy
turns his wife around
tells her that he loves her and then
shoots her in the head two more shots
erupt from the house
killing both of his children and then he
turns the gun at his head and kills
himself
the police run to the house but it's too
late the family is now dead
the next morning abby finds dr campos in
her office
he came to check up on her and keep an
eye on her since tommy's incident
abby then hands the tape recorder to her
assistant to transcribe
in her office she meets up with scott
who is now there with his wife
hearing what happened with tommy they
insist abby conduct a hypnotherapy
session on scott
hesitant abby agrees on one condition
that dr campos accompanies the session
they turn on the camera to record and in
a matter of seconds abby puts scott into
a trance
he describes the owl in his mind and
then his face contorts into horror as he
sees the images in his mind
he convulses on the couch his mouth
gurgling but he manages to mumble out a
few incoherent phrases
abby takes him out of trance and scott
quickly gets up to vomit on one corner
of the room
after he calms down he tells abby and dr
campos the visions he had in his mind of
creatures who used to visit him a lot
when he was little
it was difficult to describe because you
had to be there to see and feel it but
he tells her that now he understands why
tommy did what he did
abby dismisses their session for the day
and turns to dr campos to tell him her
alien abduction theory
dr campos scoffs at the idea and remains
pragmatic
their conversation is then cut short by
abby's assistant who tells them
frantically to listen to one of abby's
tapes
abby turns on the tape and listens to
herself dictate observations from will's
research
a few moments later the tape grows
silent and then the sound of a door
opening
within a few seconds ear splitting
screams erupt from the tape and abby's
voice
paired with another warped voice
speaking in unknown language
abby turns off the tape and denies that
it was her
back home abby listens to the tape
trying to figure out what had happened
to her
according to the tape she was sleeping
when her door opened and something or
someone tried to take her
but she fought it she spotted what
looked like a skin reaction forming at
her left shoulder and saw the scratches
on the floor
further supporting her struggle she
listens to the tape over and over again
unable to identify the second voice she
then calls dr awalawa ajasami
an expert of dead languages for help dr
ajasomi wastes no time and takes the
next flight to gnome
he examines the tape and concludes it to
be part of the sumerian language
he's able to decode at least three of
the phrases our creation
examine and ruin or destroy he supports
abby's alien abduction theory and adds
that there's a lot of evidence from
sumerian history that can support this
dr campos remains skeptical and
challenges their theory
but once again their debate is cut short
by a phone call from cindy
scott's wife asking them to come over as
soon as possible
the group travels to the residence and
finds scott in a hysterical fit on his
bed
he begs abby to do another hypnotherapy
session so that he could finally get the
events from last night out of his head
dr campo sets up the camera to record
and abby begins the session
as soon as the session starts scott sits
up on the bed his whole body rigid
his mouth open and screaming and his
eyes bulging out in terror
his entire body shakes as he levitates
off the bed
the group backs up as an unknown voice
erupts from scott's mouth
it manages to get out several phrases
warning abby to respond and end her
study before his body collapses back
into the bed
back at the tyler residence abby packs a
bag for her family as they leave for
north carolina
but the police soon arrive with the
sheriff the sheriff demands to know how
scott broke his back
but as abby tries to explain what they
saw the more the sheriff hardened his
stand
luckily dr campos arrives to back up
what happened and manages to convince
the sheriff to place abby on temporary
house arrest
he reluctantly agrees and assigns a
police officer to guard outside the
house
he gives one last threat to abby and
leaves to investigate
later that night the police officer
wakes up from his post in his car and
gets out to investigate the tyler house
the camera from his car manages to
capture the first few seconds before the
scene erupts in chaos
a blinding light appears and an enormous
object hovers above the house
pulling abby and her family from her
home the officer calls on his radio for
backup
his voice stuttering with shock from
what he's seeing the police quickly
arrive at the scene and find a
hysterical abbey
the sheriff demands abby to tell him
what happened and in her sobbing state
she wells out that her daughter has been
taken a beam of light appeared on the
ceiling and took ashley away
frustrated the sheriff grabs a chair and
breaks it into the mirror
demanding one more time to tell him
where ashley is but abby insists on her
story
he doesn't believe this and declares
that she is not of sound mind
he then takes ronnie her remaining child
from her custody
abby screams and fights as she holds on
to her son but she is overpowered
she is then left defeated in the middle
of the room crying out for her missing
daughter
as she calms down abby forms a plan if
she wants her back
she has to ask the creatures themselves
abby then calls dr campos and dr ajisami
for help
dr campos is skeptical but abby insists
that there is no other way to do this
left with no choice the group begins the
hypnotherapy session on abby
dr ajasomi holds the camera as dr campos
starts to put her in a trance
after the count of one dr campos takes
her back a few days before
when she was recording the dictation in
her bedroom as they try to recall the
next event
abby tells them about an owl smiling and
looking down at her
it's the same all her patients kept
seeing her face contorts in horror
as she realizes that it's not an al she
scene abby screams as the dark figures
grab a hold of her body and drag her
away from her bedroom
she starts hyperventilating on the couch
her mouth still screaming
as her mind flashes through the visions
inside her head
she is standing alone naked and cold in
a room
a drilling device hovering behind her
and then penetrating through her skin
back at the tyler residence dr campos
and dr ajasomi can only stand in horror
as they watch abby's body shake
scream and levitate off the couch in a
distorted tone
a second voice erupts from her body
telling them that it enforces its will
abby manages to call out asking them
what they mean
the voice continues to scream out
incoherent phrases as abby begs the
creatures to bring her daughter back
the voice screams out that they're never
going to give ashley back and in one
sweeping tone
it declares before them as a god abby
collapses back on the couch and
convulses as dr campos and dr aju sami
try to calm her down
a couple of days later abby wakes up in
the hospital and sees the sheriff and dr
campos
she insists that all three of them were
abducted by the creatures
to help make sense of recent events the
sheriff recalls the painful memory of
her husband's death
he reveals that contrary to what abby
believed will actually shot himself in
the head
it was a suicide and not murder ever
since his death
abby hasn't been able to cope with the
painful truth abby denies this and still
insists that something took her daughter
several years later ashley is still
missing and her only son
ronnie has grown apart from her blaming
her for everything that has gone wrong
in his life
up to this day abby still believes that
ashley was taken by non-human
intelligence
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching